Fix and add the documentation for Built-in Serializers and Deserializers (#2441)
google/gson: UserGuide.md

### Built-in Serializers and Deserializers

Gson has built-in serializers and deserializers for commonly used classes whose default representation may be inappropriate, for instance
Gson has built-in serializers and deserializers for commonly used classes whose default representation may be inappropriate.
Gson provides built-in serializers and deserializers for basic Java types (e.g., primitive types, strings, arrays) as well as some commonly used classes like `Date`, `BigInteger`, `BigDecimal`, and more. When you use Gson to convert Java objects to JSON or JSON to Java objects, these built-in serializers and deserializers handle the conversion automatically for these basic types and classes.

* `java.net.URL` to match it with strings like `"https://github.com/google/gson/"`

> * `java.net.URI` to match it with strings like `"/google/gson/"`

Reviewer: Maybe it would be good to include `URL` and `URI` in the list below again with a description like "Serialized as their string representation" or similar, since these types might also be somewhat common.

public class Person {
private String name;
private int age;
// constructors, getters, setters, etc.
}
```
You can serialize an instance of `Person` to JSON using Gson like this:

```java
Person person = new Person("John Doe", 30);
Gson gson = new Gson();
String json = gson.toJson(person);
```
The output JSON would be: `{"name":"John Doe","age":30}`.

And you can deserialize the JSON back to a `Person` object like this:

```java
String json = "{\"name\":\"Jane Smith\",\"age\":25}";
Person person = gson.fromJson(json, Person.class);
```
The `gson.fromJson()` method uses the built-in deserializers to convert the JSON back into a `Person` object.

Gson also allows you to customize serialization and deserialization by providing your own custom serializers and deserializers for specific types if needed.

Below is a list of some of the classes supported by Gson's built-in serializers and deserializers:

> 

Author: @Marcono1234 Sure, changed to unordered list.

> 

Reviewer: @Lalitha333, just to clarify, you are still working on these changes, right? Or did you forget to push the commits?

> 

Author: Sorry for the delay, yes I’m going to push the changes as per review comments.

1. Primitive Types:
    * `int, Integer, long, Long, float, Float, double, Double, boolean, Boolean, char, Character, byte, Byte, short, Short.`
2. Arrays:
    * Arrays of primitive types and their wrappers.
    * Arrays of objects.
3. Collections:
    * java.util.List: List of objects.
    * java.util.Set: Set of objects.
    * java.util.Map: Map of key-value pairs.

> 4. Date and Time:

Reviewer: Maybe this should also refer to `GsonBuilder.setDateFormat(...)`

    * java.util.Date: Serialized as a Unix timestamp (milliseconds since January 1, 1970, 00:00:00 GMT).
    * java.sql.Date: Serialized as a string in the format "yyyy-MM-dd".
    * java.sql.Time: Serialized as a string in the format "HH:mm:ss".
    * java.sql.Timestamp: Serialized as a string in the format "yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss".
5. BigInteger and BigDecimal:
    * java.math.BigInteger: Serialized as a string.
    * java.math.BigDecimal: Serialized as a string.
6. Enumerations:
    * Enum types are serialized as strings by default. You can also customize the serialization using @SerializedName annotation.
7. Optional:

>     * java.util.Optional: Serializes the value if present; otherwise, it serializes as null.

Reviewer: This is wrong? See #1102

8. Custom Objects:

>     * Gson can automatically serialize and deserialize custom Java objects using reflection. It serializes the non-static, non-transient fields of an object. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Gson can automatically serialize and deserialize custom Java objects using reflection. By default, it serializes the non-static, non-transient fields of an object.
```
(Because this can be customized)

> It's important to note that Gson's built-in serializers and deserializers can handle nested objects and collections of objects as well. If a class is not supported by Gson's default behavior, you can provide custom serialization and deserialization logic using Gson's JsonSerializer and JsonDeserializer interfaces.

Reviewer: Maybe this should rather recommend `TypeAdapter` since the documentation for `JsonSerializer` and `JsonDeserializer` also recommend `TypeAdapter` for performance reasons.
```suggestion
It's important to note that Gson's built-in serializers and deserializers can handle nested objects and collections of objects as well. If a class is not supported by Gson's default behavior, you can provide custom serialization and deserialization logic using Gson's `TypeAdapter` class.
```

Or maybe even omit this sentence because the section "Custom Serialization and Deserialization" is directly below this.

> For many more, see the internal class [`TypeAdapters`](gson/src/main/java/com/google/gson/internal/bind/TypeAdapters.java).

Reviewer: Maybe reword this a bit to give a bit more context, for example:
```suggestion
For more of the built-in serializers and deserializers, see the internal class [`TypeAdapters`](gson/src/main/java/com/google/gson/internal/bind/TypeAdapters.java).
```

```
You can serialize an instance of `Person` to JSON using Gson like this:

```java
Person person = new Person("John Doe", 30);
Gson gson = new Gson();
String json = gson.toJson(person);
```
The output JSON would be: `{"name":"John Doe","age":30}`.

And you can deserialize the JSON back to a `Person` object like this:

```java
String json = "{\"name\":\"Jane Smith\",\"age\":25}";
Person person = gson.fromJson(json, Person.class);
```
The `gson.fromJson()` method uses the built-in deserializers to convert the JSON back into a `Person` object.

Gson also allows you to customize serialization and deserialization by providing your own custom serializers and deserializers for specific types if needed.

Below is a list of some of the classes supported by Gson's built-in serializers and deserializers:

* Primitive Types:
    * `int`, `long`, `float`, `double`, `boolean`, `char`, `byte`, `short` and their wrapper types.
* Arrays:
    * Arrays of primitive types and their wrappers.
    * Arrays of objects.
* Collections:
    * `java.util.Collection`: Collection of objects, and collection subtypes such as:
      * `java.util.List`: List of objects.
      * `java.util.Set`: Set of objects.

>       * `java.util.Map`: Map of key-value pairs.

Reviewer: Should probably unindent this by one level because `Map` is not a subtype of `Collection`
```suggestion
    * `java.util.Map`: Map of key-value pairs.
```
